JWT ....

JSON Based Token (JWT)
A token is an encoded string, generated by our application (after being authenticated) and sent by the user along each
request to allow access to the resources exposed by our application.
It consists of three parts; header, payload, and signature.

- The header contains the hashing algorithm
          {type: “JWT”, hash: “HS256”}

- The payload contains attributes (username, email, etc) and their values.
        {username: "Omar", email: "omar@example.com", admin: true }
        
- The signature is hashing of: Header + “.” + Payload + Secret key

In this sample application, the custom JWT token based authentication flow can be designated as the following steps:

1. Get the JWT based token from the authentication endpoint, eg /auth/signin.
2. Extract token from the authentication result.
3. Set the HTTP header Authorization value as Bearer jwt_token.
4. Then send a request to access the protected resources.
5. If the requested resource is protected, Spring Security will use our custom Filter to validate the JWT token,
and build an Authentication object and set it in Spring Security specific SecurityContextHolder to complete the 
authentication progress.
6. If the JWT token is valid it will return the requested resource to client.

In short, the user sends a request to get a token passing his credentials. The server validates the credentials 
and sends back a token. With every request, the user has to provide the token, and server will validate that token.
